RC: Redis Cloud Bring your Own Cloud Phase 1 (#1282)
redis/docs: content/operate/rc/subscriptions/bring-your-own-cloud/_index.md

---
LinkTitle: Bring your own Cloud
Title: Redis Cloud Bring your own Cloud
alwaysopen: false
categories:
- docs
- operate
- rc
description: Describes how to provision your Redis Cloud subscription to use an existing
  cloud provider account.

> bannerText: This article is for Redis Cloud Bring your Own Cloud (BYOC). If you're interested in Redis Cloud BYOC, [contact sales](https://redis.io/meeting/).

Author: ```suggestion
bannerText: This article covers Redis Cloud Bring your Own Cloud (BYOC) deployments. To learn more or get started with Redis Cloud BYOC, [contact sales](https://redis.io/meeting/).
```

bannerChildren: true
hideListLinks: true
weight: 80
aliases:
  - /operate/rc/how-to/view-edit-cloud-account
  - /operate/rc/cloud-accounts
  - /operate/rc/cloud-integrations/aws-cloud-accounts
---

Redis Cloud Bring your own Cloud (BYOC) allows organizations to use their own cloud infrastructure to deploy Redis Cloud.

> By default, Redis is responsible for the infrastructure that runs Redis Cloud. However, if your organization has specific requirements, you may want to have more control over your data residency or security options. Redis Cloud BYOC lets you fulfill these requirements while keeping the managed service experience of Redis Cloud. Like standard Redis Cloud, Redis handles deployment, scaling, monitoring, and support, so you can focus on building applications while Redis manages the backend.

Author: ```suggestion
By default, Redis is responsible for the infrastructure that runs Redis Cloud. However, if your organization has specific requirements, you may need to have more control over your data residency or security options. Redis Cloud BYOC lets you fulfill these requirements while still having a fully managed service experience of Redis Cloud. Like standard Redis Cloud, Redis manages deployment, scaling, monitoring, and support, so you can focus on building applications while Redis manages the backend.
```

> If you're interested in Redis Cloud BYOC, [contact sales](https://redis.io/meeting/).

Reviewer: Redis Cloud BYOC availability is based on the approval process. If you're interested, [contact sales](https://redis.io/meeting/).

Author: ```suggestion
Redis Cloud BYOC availability requires approval from Redis. If you're interested, [contact sales](https://redis.io/meeting/).
```
